All your assignments are here and should follow the regular expression Assignment[X], where x is the number of assignment
Form and Content in Computer Science
-Marvin Minsky
             The essay concentrated on three parts , suggesting form and content confusion in theory of computation, in programming languages, and in education. One should have  lot of knowledge about theory and then one should go to examples in theory of computation, many of the theories haven’t proved. Programming languages need to be concentrated more on the content rather than the way the symbols are organized. Programming Languagues is one area where  chief concern has to be made. The problem is that languages are being described with too much syntax and languages are getting so that they have too  much of syntax. Indentation is not a requirement of most programming languages, where it is used as secondary notation. Rather, programmers indent to better convey the structure of their programs to human readers. In particular, indentation is used to show the relationship between control flow constructs such as conditions or loops and code contained within and outside them. However, some programming languages such as Python and occam use the indentation to determine the structure instead of using braces or keywords; this is known as the off-side rule, and in these languages indentation is meaningful to the compiler, not just a matter of style. Whitespace characters are used only to delimit tokens, and have no other significance. Context-free grammar basically consists of a finite set of grammar rules. In order to define grammar rules, we assume that we have two kinds of symbols: the terminals, which are the symbols of the alphabet underlying the languages under consideration, and the non-terminals, which behave like variables ranging over strings of terminals.Learning and Teaching is one important where a computer needs to excel himselfand even in this area the computer scientist has confused form and content .Computer scientists need to help people to learn by training the machines  and he has the responsibility to education because he is the one must study such matters because he is the propreiter of the concept procedure for which the secret educators have so long been seeking.
